we follow where the swamp Hawks guides
his friends and merry men are we and
when the dory legions ride we burrow in
the cypress trees the gloomy swampland
as I bet our home is in the red deer
stand our roof the treetops overhead for
we are wild and hunted man
we ride we hide with Mike again for we
are Mary on men
we hide we strike again for we are many
and then we fly by day and Sun it's like
a crop to strike the sudden blow we
mount and start with early night and
through the forest Krakow oh and SUNY
here's our TARDIS leap and flashing
saber blind his eyes and there he drives
away sleep and rushes from his camp he
dies we hide we hide with Mike again for
we are Mary and men divide we hide we
strike again for we are
you
one box whistles the stops you hear his
order calm and love come wave your torch
across the dark we shall not be the last
to go encourage comrade Maria needs as
one takes a note tonight so clear
your swords and coaches needs tonight we
ride tonight we fight we ride we hide we
strike again for we are many young men /
we strike again for we are Miriam
we follow where the swamp box guides we
leave the swamp and cypress tree our
Smurfs are in our course decides and
ready for the strike for we the Tauri
camp is now inside and there he cowers
within his den he here's a shout he
drifts the fight appears and flies from
Mary on
and we ride we Heidenreich again
four-wheelin beside we have is like
again
we ride we hide the psych again
Andy